You can't go to Wanjia with me
Hahahaha
Are you kidding?
I want to go to Wanjia
It has half a dime to do with you.
It's just that you kid can't protect yourself now
And have the face to meddle in other people's business
You are nothing
Why can't I protect myself?
Are you deaf?
Brother Zhen is now hanging out with Master Jie
How dare you provoke Master Jie
I have to skin you
I heard about that.
Master Wan Jie for the wedding
Spent a lot of money to buy the entire hotel
And also
All the big names and surnames of Amami have been invited
When did you have such ability as Master Jie?
Are you bragging?
What's the use of such pomp?
I'll tell you how this wedding was robbed today
What? I understand you here.
I just can't see how others are, right?
Hmph, someone else's young master gave me this place
Do you think I can hit you?
The wedding of the young master is about to start
What are you doing here?
Police, you're here
Look at this kid making trouble again
He curses your wedding for not being able to go through